what it's sometimes hard to estimate how many hours I work, like either
per day or per week. Um, I kind of live by the academic calendar.
And so it's a It's a larger time scale, really. Andi, their their periods
within that timescale, where there's just a ton of work to be
done and there just aren't enough hours in the day. And then there are
other times where it's a little more quiet essence on dares not,
you know, as much to be done, and it's a little bit easier. Eso You
know, for instance, at the very beginning of the semester, when I'm
getting sure they're making sure that all my classes air ready to go
everything on our you know, the online course sites air together and
where they need to be, the lectures, air all prepared. The assignments
are all kind of like ready to get going. Um, that's a that's huge.
That's a lot of work. And it's just, you know, long days, Andi.
Also, at the very end of the semester, we're in finals and, you know,
just doing a ton of grading, wrapping up the semester, getting everything
kind of filed and put away and put to bed. Um and actually also
kind of like laying the groundwork for the coming semester. That's
also very, very, very busy. Time on Ben within this semester itself.
They're different times like it just sometimes it depends on the
rhythm of the class. So, you know, I in all of my classes, I have students
writing papers. So when I get a stack of 40 papers, that's gonna
be ah, long week. So that's gonna be a week where there's just
a ton of grading and every spare moment that I have. I'm just grading
all the time. Um, if I don't have a paper due that week and any of
my classes, it's probably gonna be a lighter, weak, And I'm not gonna
have a much on Ben waken layer on top of that. The research that
happens So sometimes if we're in kind of, ah, data collection mode,
that's just, you know, kind of trickling in as we, you know, meet with
people or do things like that. Once we have the data, then we go
in tow, analyzing mode and writing up mode. And those were much more
intense modes. And there's just lots more hours, and they're happening
really fast. So, you know, with all of these different algorithms
kind of layering on top of each other, it's really, really hard toe
estimate. How many hours a week I work? Um, you know, I really don't
have a good feel for it. Sometimes I think like a lawyer, like I
should everything even when I'm in the shower. And I'm thinking about
like, what am I going to do with this research program that I should
be? You know, counting that is work. But, you know, I don't do that.
The point is just to get it done. So whatever it takes to get it
done, do it. Some days are easier than others and thoughts about it.